# geoidlab-tutorial

This repo contains Jupyter Notebook examples and sample CLI commands for using [`geoidlab`](https://github.com/cikelly/geoidlab) in gravity modeling and height systems.

## Installation

**GeoidLab** must be installed first.  
Installation instructions (including the recommended conda environment setup and development version) are in the main repository:

→ [https://github.com/cikelly/geoidlab](https://github.com/cikelly/geoidlab)

## Available Tutorials

The following notebooks are currently available in the [`tutorials/`](tutorials/) folder:

- [`Auvergne.ipynb`](tutorials/Auvergne.ipynb)
- [`DEM.ipynb`](tutorials/DEM.ipynb)
- [`Global Gravity Model.ipynb`](tutorials/Global Gravity Model.ipynb)
- [`Gravity.ipynb`](tutorials/Gravity.ipynb)
- [`Kernels.ipynb`](tutorials/Kernels.ipynb)
- [`Legendre.ipynb`](tutorials/Legendre.ipynb)
- [`Terrain Quantities.ipynb`](tutorials/Terrain Quantities.ipynb)

More tutorials will be added soon.  
`GeoidProject/` is simply an example output folder generated by one of the notebooks and can be ignored.

## Contributing & Requests

Feel free to:
- Open an issue to request a tutorial on a specific usage of `geoidlab`
- Contribute new notebooks
- Collaborate on expanding the examples

## Citation

If you use **GeoidLab** or any materials from this tutorial repository, we kindly ask that you cite the associated manuscript (full citation will be updated after acceptance):

> Kelly, C. I. et al. *GeoidLab: An Automated Open-Source Python Toolbox for Gravity-Field Analysis and Vertical Datum Unification* (in review).

Appropriate acknowledgment of the software and tutorials is greatly appreciated.

## License

This repository is distributed under the license specified in the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.